Queen Queen
What's so flustered about?
Campus king with 100,000 army
Surrounded the entire Platinum Palace
What do people say outside?
People outside say that the campus king wants to establish himself as the emperor
That's impossible.
It is absolutely impossible for the Happy King to do such a thing.
Where are my guards?
They have fought against the army of the Happy King
But I'm afraid that the Happy King will not be able to collude with the nations
Queen, please leave now
As long as you are still there
The emperor is still there
There's still hope.
Write a book to collude with the enemy
Betrayed Xuan Nation warriors
Such traitors will never be allowed to appear in the Xuan royal family
Besides, the soldiers swore to defend Xuan Kingdom to the death
So how can you run away
Soldiers protect the country
All by design
Can you come with me
fight side by side
I must follow the queen
Safeguard national peace